When JVM starts up, it creates a heap area which is known as runtime data area. This is where all the objects (instances of class) are stored. 
Since this area is limited, it is required to manage this area efficiently by removing the objects that are no longer in use.
The process of removing unused objects from heap memory is known as Garbage collection.


Garbage Collection is process to unreference or delete unused data from memory in java.
Developer is not responsible to free unused memory from heap. It makes memory efficient.
The main objective of java garbage collector is to destroy the unused memory from heap memory area.

It makes java memory efficient because garbage collector removes the unreferenced objects from heap memory.

Unreachable objects : An object is said to be unreachable if it doesn’t contain any reference to it. 
Also note that objects which are part of island of isolation are also unreachable. 

Eligibility for garbage collection:
An object is said to be eligible for GC(garbage collection) iff it is unreachable.

Once we made our objects eligible for garbage collection it may not destroy immediately by the garbage collector.
Whenever java runs garbage collector then only objects will be destroyed. We can also request JVM to run Garbage Collector 
Using System.gc() method.Then Garbage Collector calls finalize() method on the object to perform cleanup activities. 
Once finalize() method completes, Garbage Collector destroys that object. protected void finalize() throws Throwable
Note: Clean-up activity means closing the resources associated with that object like Database Connection.


The heap is divided into three sections:

Young Generation: Newly created objects start in the Young Generation. The Young Generation is further subdivided into an Eden space, where all new objects start,
and two Survivor spaces, where objects are moved from Eden after surviving one garbage collection cycle. When objects are garbage collected
from the Young Generation, it is a minor garbage collection event.

Old Generation: Objects that are long-lived are eventually moved from the Young Generation to the Old Generation. When objects are garbage collected
from the Old Generation, it is a major garbage collection event.

Permanent Generation: Metadata such as classes and methods are stored in the Permanent Generation. Classes that are no longer in use may be 
garbage collected from the Permanent Generation.
